Adds README (#107)
playframework/omnidoc: README.md

# Omnidoc

> Omnidoc is an sbt script piggy-backing the `publish` task that aggregates all source code and manuals produced across the Play ecosystem and produces a single deliverable with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Omnidoc is an sbt build that adds to sbt's `mappings in (Compile, packageBin)` to aggregate source code and manuals produced within the Play ecosystem and produce a single deliverable which includes:
```

> Omnidoc is an sbt build that adds to sbt's `mappings in (Compile, packageBin)` to aggregate source code and manuals produced within the Play ecosystem and produce a single deliverable which includes:

Author: ```suggestion
Omnidoc is an sbt build that adds to sbt's `mappings in (Compile, packageBin)` to aggregate source code and manuals produced within the Play ecosystem and produce a single deliverable. This must not be confused with Interplay's [Omnidoc](https://github.com/playframework/interplay/blob/master/src/main/scala/interplay/Omnidoc.scala) which _simply_ adds some metadata on the `-source.jar` artifact of every Play library. 

The resulting deliverable includes:
```

 * manual (also referred to as `playdoc`)
 * javadoc
 * scaladoc

## How it works

> Omnidoc defines [5 tasks]([omnidoc/OmnidocBuild.scala at 70f04533d0f881a9a7f6c1ac5ec6af1d8bb335f9 · playframework/omnidoc · GitHub](https://github.com/playframework/omnidoc/blob/70f04533d0f881a9a7f6c1ac5ec6af1d8bb335f9/project/OmnidocBuild.scala#L88-L92)) to:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Omnidoc defines [5 tasks](https://github.com/playframework/omnidoc/blob/70f04533d0f881a9a7f6c1ac5ec6af1d8bb335f9/project/OmnidocBuild.scala#L88-L92) to:
```
